The Joe Rogan experience. You know,
I didn't know about standup comedy, uh, when I was growing up,
never heard of it really, because I grew up in Hong Kong.
We didn't first hand up, you saw B T comic. Phew.
Wow. When I was 13 one who was holding.
I think it was J Anthony Brown, that deer or Bruce,
Bruce around then it was so interesting to me because this wasn't even an
art form that existed in my childhood in Hong Kong.
I'm sure there were some stand-ups, but I never heard of it. Never heard of it,
never heard of it.
And then I came to America and I was trying to learn English just by watching
TV.
And then it seems like just completely different genres in this new
art form. It's like, I heard music for the first time and I was like, holy,
this rock and roll music. And there's, you know, hip hop.
So it was so interesting because I remember I really gravitated towards a comic
view. Uh, that was so interesting. Um,
because it wasn't just jokes or, uh, me trying to learn English.
It was me also trying to like, learning about culture,
how each race saw each other, blah, blah. Even though there were stereotypes,
you know, that they're joking about, but it was cool.
Whereas I watch a comedy central premium blend then really laugh.
I don't know why, like, so I always gravitated to it. So urban comedy,
you know, and, and, and where they're having more fun. Yeah, exactly. But that,
because I was watching a performance of it, it's like there's hip hop fans that,
uh, like a song because of the beat.
And then there's hip hop fans that don't care about the beat and only listen to
the lyrics. I was more like the beat guy, you know,
and I just loved that side of performance.
And then only later on when I got into comedy, I was like, oh wow,
everyone that's doing that premium blend stuff. May, maybe not my cup of tea,
but it made me laugh like as an adult because I understood how
hard that was.
Mm. Yeah. Uh, I found out about comedy from, um,
my parents took me to see Richard Pryor live at the sunset strip when I was 15.
Mm. In the movie theater watching Richard Pryor on stage going, this is crazy.
I couldn't believe how funny he was. Like, I'd seen all these funny movies,
but to watch this guy just talking on stage, I was fascinated of those.
Guys when you watch you, like, I can do that. Cause he's just talking.
He just did he write this?
But there's so much insane talent.
Like Michael Jordan makes basketball look easy. But I mean, I guess you.
Sort of, you know, you can't, you know, you can't talk. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's, there's so many different ways you can get introduced to comedy.
It's it's I love hearing, like, when people, like,
when the seed get planted in people's heads,
like when did you know that you were going to try to do this?
People asked me that question and I hear like great stories.
Like the Richard Pryor story,
like it's like me and my brother used to sneak in a movie theater,
watch Eddie Murphy live after you had heart attack.
I promise I'll be a comedian. Like really, you know, I'm amazing.
I don't have that. I was,
I think it was a desperation that made me want to do comedy desperation.
I never thought that was, um, even a thing. Right. Like,
because you don't go in the arts when you're Asian, that's not a real job,
you know? Uh.
So is it because your family would discourage it?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also nobody in my family did it in the arts,
like anybody that made money, wasn't finance, whatever real jobs, quote unquote,
you know? Um, so I, I was just,
I was about to graduate college with an economics degree and I hated the
internship I had in finance and. And I just saw my life flash in front of me.
I'm like, oh my God, for the next 40 years, I'm behind this desk, mutual funds,
who cares? You know? Uh, so I just tried, I had like a quarter-life crisis,
right. When I was about to graduate, I was like,
I gotta do something to meet new friends, to meet girls to whatever.
So then I took jujitsu classes for like two months. Horrible. I was,
I was the smallest guy in the weakest guy in the class.
They would tee me up with the girls and they will twist me up like a pretzel.
It was.
Very discouraging. I.
Quit after like two months, if that, um, uh,
and then I tried like different things like boxing classes, uh, gyms, uh,
whatever, you know, and then I say the story, I,
I wrote this book and I say in the book,
like typing in local, open mics in your Google search,
it's one step away from typing in. What's the best way to kill myself.
It is that desperation that you need that I needed.
So then I just Googled local open mics, went through ha paid $5.
You have to pay $5 for five minutes of stage, time to ha so five other, uh,
comics can not laugh at you. It was no horrific,
but that still, it felt better than me sitting at home, making no friends.
Cause I saw a comradery. I was like, if I'm good,
I can make some friends like here in the open mic. And there's a new world out.
There's an out for me. So soon after I think I quit that finance, you know,
internship, very promising internship. And I just try to do standup. You know,
I did everything. I worked at door. I, uh,
at the comedy palace in San Diego,
this Greek restaurant I'll turn into a comedy club at night. I worked the door,
folded envelopes, did everything. If they let me sleep there,
I would have slept it, answer the phones and everything. I just dove into it,
not just for the love of comedy and the arts, but for the love of this new life,
this new fraternity.
Oh yeah. That's awesome.
So, so a lot of it,
it was an improvement on my life that was that interested
me in, in standup and through stand-up I got laid for the first time.
You know what I mean? So it worked out.
For me. Um, and I kinda had a, uh, crisis where,
okay, uh, I'm doing fine. You know, I have a lot of friends now I have,
uh, you know, I go on dates. Like it's fine. Like my life is fine.
And I started making money on Silicon valley, you know?
So I stopped doing standup. I was like, eh, I don't really need this. You know,
but, but then after a while, like I wasn't getting depressed either.
So it was a really good feeling. Cause it wasn't a crutch.
It wasn't an addiction I needed to feed. And then eventually I did stand up.
Finally, I think for the love of it, I was like, you know what I do miss this.
I'm going to go do it on my own terms.
Not just because I'm trying to make friends and trying to pull girls I'm doing
it because I enjoy the process of it. So let's do it. And that's the recent,
I guess, resurgent of energy. How much time did you take off? Two.
Oh, from standup on and off, like a year or two,
a couple seasons during Silicon valley. Um, I would do standup,
maybe at max.
I would just go down the comedy magic club once every two months just
so I can, uh, you know, talk to some friends or something, but I.
Wasn't any dusted off and.
Yeah, but it was stuck in that same old material wasn't filling it. Um,
and the reason for this special really was I kinda got.
I was cause everybody that was coming up to me in the streets,
like yo Jinjiang Silicon valley, whatever. And uh, there's some YouTube clips,
people watching me doing it. I was like, oh, I didn't know.
This can do stand up. You know? And blah, I'm like, man, I am a standup.
I started as a standup. I think I'm a better standard than I am an actor.
You know? So let me prove to the world.
I'm not just like a vine guy or act to trying to do stand up.
I am an actor who used to be a standup and that is my forte. Okay.